# 3D-Faults-stress-plotter
A MATLAB App to plot Coulomb stress changes calculated with Coulomb 3.3+ on 3D fault networks created with the 3D-faults (v.2.4+) code. Outputs statistics on cumulative stress.

The app calculates cumulative coseismic and interseismic Coulomb Stress Transfers (CST) based on outputs of the Coulomb 3.3+ software. To use the app, first generate a 3D-Fault network and slip distribution with the main "3D-faults" code, then calculate Coulomb stress on faults with Coulomb software.

Applications: Simple plots of individual earthquakes; Automatic plots of earthquake sequences with coseismic CST and interseismic loading; Combination of different scenarios in earthquake sequences;

## Inputs:
Open the following inputs via the 'Import' menu:
* folder containing the csv files ('element_condition.csv') generated by "Coulomb". It's recommended to rename the files in the format YYYYMMDD_SS_EVENTNAME, where SS is the scenario number, so the app can read the relevant data automatically. The app loads all csv-files from the given input folder!
* folder containing the 3D-faults geometry, this is generated by the 3D-faults code by ticking the "export fault geometry" checkbox. All events must be modelled on the exact same fault network (same number of fault elements).
* to model interseismic loading, a "Coulomb"-generated csv file containing annual CST loading needs to be imported, again on the same fault network (optional)

## Outputs
The code plots the CST on the 3D-Fault network and outputs basic statistics on the cumulative stress on the fault network. It can also automatically export figures. Earthquakes can be individually selected in the user interface. Similarly, the user can select which faults shall be plotted.

## Scenarios
If more than one scenario is available for at least one earthquake, the code automatically calculates all possible combinations of scenarios.

## Current issues
This is the first stable version of the code. Several features will be added in the future. Current limitations are:
* only one earthquake can be modelled per year, all cumulative CST is modelled annually
* code has not been thoroughly bug-tested

